README.md, before:

# ElectionCliGem

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/election_cli_gem`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'election_cli_gem'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install election_cli_gem

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/election_cli_gem.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Personalized the README.md file with intro, usage instructions, contributing info; renamed bin/run to bin/election-cli-gem

README.md, after:

# ElectionCliGem

This Ruby Gem accesses FiveThirtyEight.com's Presidential Election Forecast and provides a CLI to view the projected winner on the national level, as well as for each individual state.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'election_cli_gem'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install election_cli_gem

## Usage

Run: election-cli-gem after installing the gem.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/mjdele/election_cli_gem.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
